Hello, in today's video we will compare between Optimus Secure of ADAC company
and Health Advantage Plan of III company
and will tell you which plan
is the best among these. But before starting the video,
one important thing is that if you have
not yet subscribed to our channel, then
subscribe so that you
get the right information at the right time. Now I would
like to introduce myself. My name is
Kajal. I keep giving you updates related to health and life insurance
through this channel
and also give you
advice in every problem related to insurance.
Our team has 12
years of experience in the insurance industry and we also provide
consultancy related to claims. Let's
start today's video. First of all, we will compare the
claim
settlement ratio of these plans. So, the
claim settlement ratio of hdfcergo.com company is
93.1. We will learn about these card claim rates, that is, out of the
premium paid by the people to the company, how much
amount of claim did the company give to the people. So, we will
learn about that here.
hdfcfund.com is a hospital where you can get cashless
treatment. Whereas III Lard
company has 5100 network hospitals
where you can get cashless treatment. Now,
in both the companies,
you are given the facility of in-house claim settlement. So, this was
about the companies of both the plans.
How capable is the company in settling claims and
how many basic facilities like network hospitals are there where you can get cashless treatment,
which is very important to know
before taking any plan. Now we will talk
about the eligibility features and benefits of the plans. First of all, we will talk
about the sum insured options of the plan. In the Optimus Secure plan, the
minimum sum insured is ₹ 1 lakh and the maximum sum
insured is 2 crores. In the Health Advantage plan, the
minimum sum insured is 5 lakhs and the
maximum sum insured is 3 crores. Now,
what is the entry age in both the plans? So,
in both the Optimus Secure and Health Advantage plans, the minimum entry
age is 91.  The maximum entry age is 65
years. The policy tenure of both the plans will be
same i.e. one, two and three years. Similarly, the
policy type of both the plans will be same.
Individual and family
floater plans are available in both the companies. Now, let us
tell you about the plan types.
In Optimus Secure plan, you have two types of plan
options available which are Secure and Super
Secure. In Health Advantage, you have only one
plan available which is Apex Plus. If we
talk about room rent, then in Optimus Secure
plan, if the sum assured is below Rs 50 lakh, then
you get a single private AC room.
Whereas, if the sum assured is above Rs 50 lakh, then
you will not face any restriction on room rent.
All your day care
treatments will be covered.
Next comes the refill benefit in both the plans. It
means if your bed sum assured gets
exhausted, then the company
refills your sum assured. With the same bed
sum assured, then you get the refill benefit
in both the plans.  It is allowed once a year and
you can use it for any illness.
Now pre and post
hospitalization is covered for you. Pre
hospitalization means expenses before going to the hospital
and post hospitalization
means expenses after discharge. So
in both the plans, your pre
hospitalization expenses are covered for 60 days
and post hospitalization expenses are
covered for 180 days.
Your basic hospitalization expenses will be covered
up to the sum assured in both the plans. It
means if you
want to get your treatment done at home instead of going to the hospital, then
those expenses will be covered here.
In Optimum Secure plan, it is covered
up to the sum assured and in Health Advantage plan, it is
covered up to 50 per of the sum assured and
you get a no claim bonus up to a maximum of Rs 25,000.
In Optima Secure plan,
under Plus Benefit, you get a bonus of 50 per cent
every year and you get a total of 100% bonus
every two years.  In the Health Advantage
plan, you get a no-claim bonus of 20%
every year if you do not claim from the policy
and this bonus goes up to a maximum of 100%.
Emergency road ambulance is covered in this plan.
In the Optimum Secure plan, it is covered
up to the sum assured and in the Health Advantage plan,
road ambulance is covered for a minimum of 1 per cent of the
sum assured and a maximum of 10,000 rupees.
Now,
not only road ambulance but air ambulance will also be
covered. In the Optimum Secure plan,
you will be covered up to 5 lakh rupees and
in the Health Advantage plan, you are covered up to the sum assured.
Apart from these, modern
treatments and organ donor expenses are
covered up to this sum assured.
OPD is covered in both the plans only
in the Health Advantage plan. To
avail OPD benefit, you will have to opt for 'Be Fit' rider in this plan,
only then you will
get OPD benefit. AYUSH
treatments are covered up to the sum assured in both the plans.  This
means that treatment
related to Ayurveda, Unani Siddha,
Homeopathy, all these related expenses will be
covered for you. Now
you will get the conveyance benefit. Covered it means if your
hospitalization is for more than 10 days, then
you get this benefit which you get
only in Health Advantage plan
up to ₹ 2000000. Now
in Complements Secure plan, if you take a plan of 10 lakhs,
you will get tests up to 5000 covered. If you
take a plan of 15 lakhs, you will get
tests up to 8000 covered. If you take a plan of 20, 25 and 50 lakhs, then
you will get
wellness tests up to 10000 covered. If you
take a plan of 1 crore or 2 crores, then
your tests up to 15000 will be covered here.
Now your tests are covered in Health Advantage plan also.
Minimum 0.5 per of
this usher and maximum tests up to 10000 will be
covered for you here. And these tests  You
can avail tele-consultation on a cashless basis. Tele-
consultation is now available to you in the Optima
Secure plan. You can
consult a doctor on 51 critical analyses listed in the policy.
In the Health Advantage plan, you can avail unlimited tele-consultations. All
your consumer items will be covered.
In the Optima Secure plan, you
get an inbuilt consumer rider cover, and
in the Health Advantage plan, you will have to take a
claim protect rider by paying an extra premium. In that,
your
consumer gets worldwide coverage,
which you get only in the Health Advantage plan.
On a sum assured amount of Rs 25 lakh,
if your sum assured is below Rs 25 lakh, then
you will have to pay a copayment of Rs 10
for taking worldwide treatment.
In the Optima Secure plan, you
can get treatment done within India. Now let's talk about the
optional benefits. What optional
benefits do you get in these plans?
In the Optima Secure plan, you get health cash
benefit and daily cash.
You also get the benefit of As an Optional Benefit.
To increase the benefits of the policy, you
can opt for this additional benefit policy.
In the Health Advantage Plan, you get
maternity, newborn baby coverage, newborn
baby vaccinations, critical illness claim
protector and sum insured protector
benefits. As an optional cover. Now
both these companies have mobile applications
which you can use to
understand the plan well and avail the benefits. The
mobile application is hdfcergo.com.
You can opt for payment of Rs. 10 to Rs. 20.
Now deductible options are also
available to you. In the Optimum Secure Plan, your
premium gets reduced as soon as you choose it.
In Health Advantage Plan, you do
not get the deductible option. Now let's talk about
waiting periods. What is the waiting period of these plans? So, the
initial waiting
period is in both the plans.  It is 30 days and
accidental related emergencies will be covered from day one itself.
You have a waiting period of 24 months on specific illnesses. There will be a
waiting period for pre-existing and
on taking a health advantage plan, you will have a waiting period of 24 months. So
friends, this is all in today's video. I
hope that you found the information given in this video
really useful. We will keep
bringing important information related to health and life insurance for you. All the
people who are connected with us, please continue
with us in this journey
and if you are new to our channel, then
please subscribe to our channel and
our